c:\users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\bin\Debug\CRM_GoDinghy.exe.config
c:\users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\bin\Debug\CRM_GoDinghy.exe
c:\users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\bin\Debug\CRM_GoDinghy.pdb
c:\users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
c:\users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\obj\Debug\CRM_GoDinghy.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\obj\Debug\CRM_GoDinghy.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\obj\Debug\CRM_GoDinghy.exe
c:\users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\obj\Debug\CRM_GoDinghy.pdb
c:\users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\obj\Debug\CRM_GoDinghy.Form1.resources
c:\users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\obj\Debug\CRM_GoDinghy.frmAddEditUser.resources
c:\users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\obj\Debug\CRM_GoDinghy.frmMain.resources
c:\users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\obj\Debug\CRM_GoDinghy.frmMainNormal.resources
c:\users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\obj\Debug\CRM_GoDinghy.frmAddEditCompany.resources
c:\users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\obj\Debug\CRM_GoDinghy.frmAddEditCustomer.resources
C:\Users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\obj\Debug\CRM_GoDinghy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mjn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRM_GoDinghy\CRM_GoDinghy\obj\Debug\CRM_GoDinghy.frmLogin.resources
